README.md, before:

# Dracula for [Foobar](https://foobar.com)

> A dark theme for [Foobar](https://foobar.com).

![Screenshot](./screenshot.png)

## Install

All instructions can be found at [draculatheme.com/foobar](https://draculatheme.com/foobar).

## Team

This theme is maintained by the following person(s) and a bunch of [awesome contributors](https://github.com/dracula/foobar/graphs/contributors).

| [![Zeno Rocha](https://github.com/zenorocha.png?size=100)](https://github.com/zenorocha) |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Zeno Rocha](https://github.com/zenorocha)                                               |

## Community

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/draculatheme) - Best for getting updates about themes and new stuff.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/dracula/dracula-theme/discussions) - Best for asking questions and discussing issues.
- [Discord](https://draculatheme.com/discord-invite) - Best for hanging out with the community.

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

Created Repo For Dracula Theme in harpy for Twitter

README.md, after:

# Dracula for [harpy for Twitter](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.robertodoering.harpy.free)

> A dark theme for[harpy for Twitter](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.robertodoering.harpy.free).

![Screenshot](./screenshot.png)

## Install

All instructions can be found at [draculatheme.com/harpy](https://draculatheme.com/harpy).

## Team

This theme is maintained by the following person(s) and a bunch of [awesome contributors](https://github.com/dracula/foobar/graphs/contributors).

| [![V Keerthi Vikram](https://github.com/vkeerthivikram.png?size=100)](https://github.com/vkeerthivikram) |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [V Keerthi Vikram](https://github.com/vkeerthivikram)                                                    |

## Community
 
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/draculatheme) - Best for getting updates about themes and new stuff.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/dracula/dracula-theme/discussions) - Best for asking questions and discussing issues.
- [Discord](https://draculatheme.com/discord-invite) - Best for hanging out with the community.

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE)
